This directory contains the following datasets:

- [CheXlocalize](https://stanfordaimi.azurewebsites.net/datasets/23c56a0d-15de-405b-87c8-99c30138950c): CheXlocalize is a radiologist-annotated segmentation dataset on chest X-rays. The dataset consists of two types of radiologist annotations for the localization of 10 pathologies: pixel-level segmentations and most-representative points. Annotations were drawn on images from the [CheXpert](https://stanfordmlgroup.github.io/competitions/chexpert/) validation and test sets. The dataset also consists of two separate sets of radiologist annotations: (1) ground-truth pixel-level segmentations on the validation and test sets, drawn by two board-certified radiologists, and (2) benchmark pixel-level segmentations and most-representative points on the test set, drawn by a separate group of three board-certified radiologists.

  > Saporta, A., Gui, X., Agrawal, A. et al. Benchmarking saliency methods for chest X-ray interpretation. Nature Machine Intelligence (2022). https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-022-00536-x

- [PASCAL VOC 2012](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2012/index.html): The PASCAL Visual Object Classes Challenge 2012 (VOC2012) released a segmentation dataset that consists of a set of images; each image has an annotation file giving a bounding box and object class label for each object in one of the twenty classes present in the image. Note that multiple objects from multiple classes may be present in the same image. Annotation was performed according to a set of guidelines distributed to all annotators for the challenge.